1. Provide a high-level description (ie, using minimal amount of technical
   jargon) of the project in no more than 200 words.
The goal of this project is to code a percolation simulator that can construct an n*n grid
of squares, and simulate the location of 'fluid' within the grid. The point is to tell if the
fluid has flowed, or percolated to the bottom of the grid. By default, all squares are
blocked. There is a simulated source at the top, and we use two different techniques to keep
track of open squares that are connected to the top by other open squares orthogonally. Firstly,
we use an 2-dimensional array to keep track of open squares, and then a recursive flood fill
algorithm to determine full squares. Flood fill works by filling the site, then checking the
orthogonal neighbor squares for open squares, and filling them as well. The second technique
used to simulate this scenario is a weighted quick-union union find. This is a data structure
imported from dsa that has groups of elements that can be linked together. Each element
begins in its own group, and we put two elements in the same group by 'union'-ing them. We keep
an artificial element representing the source at the top and the sink at the bottom. All open
squares that are neighbors are placed in their own union. When a square is filled, all of its
open neighbors are recursively filled as well. This causes a backwash problem. Since we assume
all open squares on the bottom row are connected to the sink, we can simulate fluid comes back
from the sink and fills squares that would not otherwise be filled. This can be remedied by
using another WQUUF without artificial squares to keep track of sites actually connected to the top.

2. Did you receive help from anyone? List their names, status (classmate, 
   CS210 grad, TA, other), and the nature of help received.

   Name               Status       Help Received
   ----               ------       -------------

   ...                ...          ...

3. List any other comments here. Feel free to provide any feedback on how
   much you learned from doing the assignment, and whether you enjoyed
   doing it.

   ...
